deliberative of general electric g
they made it disappear
tucupita the second hand commented doctor in sciences and
and at 53 minutes - three of each day
in 2003 the incident a sustenance of their villages was stopped on December 2
also points because keep in mind that this function today
we have to support what is the best in the world we are
17 the Kenyan won
it basically tells me to feel very happy
and concluded with the mythical
its interpretation
and with him
six of them the development
Send much more intense
I would like him to come in and conclude with a surplus of
journeys
asked if there were any
the head of the secret service
other than in a scenario that from that moment on such an important institution
like this
jorge videla we have all believe that if we want to do something with his age
in this way it ends in the square
pearl the continuity line
yes that leader ad
February 4
I believe that the championship is necessary that the city 9 become aware ricky
that increase is possible to save the club
if everyone takes a step forward and I do not know how many partners you have in this
At the moment the entity, I have been a member for many years now, but if
we get some media on
the people
bet decisively
and then there are three or four entrepreneurs who want to have amounts in which
neither does it have to be exaggerated a modest amounts, since the Pontevedra
can not only be saved as consumption move up to the second division and then
already we will see worked by pontevedra next to the entities the total invoicing
olympic silver common having happy home
the new capital prices and contractors the quarters to concentrate
in the entity the brand new in the sector only against the Chinese defendant
by pontevedra of the fundamental base the city
to the public a club and that its non-socialist history
cd at this moment is going through a difficult situation
from a concello we are endangering your future
the extent of its possibilities wilson all forums that phalange
in the background it was because of him
except this situation that we understand unfortunate
and a third team in any case p this situation
to solve the need for all action and the different social agents
business of 2002 world county general bond fund
it seems to me carlos adolfo abad to overcome this situation recover some
of course something that few changes
around the world is very optimistic and still make efforts to control a
month the mante
without making mistakes
you have to go very hard
besides the history of the city com
the work of the first of the second part of this year its name simply
we lost
can see me naked is part of the patrimony of the heras
the name of the city passes through Spain with passion and therefore in a
time to pose to the difficulties without doubt is a time for
reflect
and released a time for admission and for this I do not think that
with point of the final will come out
proposal must be the will of all because I repeat behind the central
2 - the days illusion and hope the study as president trusted
ja
froilán we continue without any special reason I trust that the quake
happened to look more at the 21 football stadiums
For prohibit
those who formed their heroes in the 60s
They marched excited but passing grass
the price of the entrance the most veteran fans likewise to Mayan whites
raptors
today begins the legislation demands celerity
everyone knows that he had never been in jail for five years of experience
free style this graphic testimony
Complementing November 1965 is not a god apart from football
a spokesman for ugt and ccoo de madrid
a modest team from the provinces
fazio live
assumption 3
two days
beautiful malysz